Clarify nature of the project in the readme (#894)
zeldaret/oot: README.md

'shiftable' yet, so modifying them could be difficult at this point.
```

> This is a WIP decompilation of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. **It is not a PC port.** It has never been a PC port. There will never be a PC port in this repository. Do not try to claim that this project is a PC port. Anything claiming this is a PC port is misinformation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a WIP decompilation of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. **It is not a PC port.** It has never been a PC port. There will never be a PC port in this repository. Please do not claim that this project is a PC port. Anything claiming this is a PC port is misinformed.
```
I think that sounds friendlier (but I wish we could set font size & color)
maybe add `You can get in touch with the team on our [Discord server](https://discord.zelda64.dev).` too

> You can get in touch with the team on our [Discord server](https://discord.zelda64.dev).

Author: I'd be happy with both of those changes. Anyone else want to comment before I change it?

Author: Well, we could change the size/colour using inline html, I think that works on GitHub.

> This is a WIP decompilation of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. **It is not a PC port.** It has never been a PC port. There will never be a PC port in this repository. Please do not claim that this project is a PC port. Anything claiming this is a PC port is misinformed. For more information you can get in touch with the team on our [Discord server](https://discord.zelda64.dev).

Reviewer 2: I don't like this wording as it sounds needlessly whiny. It would be better if we clarified the end goal a bit better.
```suggestion
This is a decompilation of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time for the N64 and in the future, the iQue. For information on the PC Port, [click here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPYZpwSpKmA)
```
